com/alcachofra/elderoid/configuration/NewsConfigurationActivity.java
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.configuration.NewsConfigurationActivity
com/alcachofra/elderoid/utils/weather/Weather.java
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.utils.weather.Weather
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.utils.weather.Weather$TempScale
com/alcachofra/elderoid/utils/CallInfo.java
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.utils.CallInfo
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.utils.CallInfo$CallType
com/alcachofra/elderoid/configuration/WeatherConfigurationActivity.java
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.configuration.WeatherConfigurationActivity
com/alcachofra/elderoid/utils/animatedViews/AnimatedImageButton.java
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.utils.animatedViews.AnimatedImageButton
com/alcachofra/elderoid/utils/dialog/DialogAppFilter.java
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.utils.dialog.DialogAppFilter
com/alcachofra/elderoid/DialerActivity.java
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.DialerActivity
com/alcachofra/elderoid/utils/weather/DayWeather.java
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.utils.weather.DayWeather
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.utils.weather.DayWeather$1
com/alcachofra/elderoid/utils/AppInfo.java
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.utils.AppInfo
com/alcachofra/elderoid/AppListActivity.java
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.AppListActivity
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.AppListActivity$1
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.AppListActivity$AppListAdapter
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.AppListActivity$AppListAdapter$AppViewHolder
com/alcachofra/elderoid/configuration/NewsTopicsConfigurationActivity.java
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.configuration.NewsTopicsConfigurationActivity
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.configuration.NewsTopicsConfigurationActivity$TopicListAdapter
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.configuration.NewsTopicsConfigurationActivity$TopicListAdapter$TopicViewHolder
com/alcachofra/elderoid/utils/weather/NowWeather.java
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.utils.weather.NowWeather
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.utils.weather.NowWeather$1
com/alcachofra/elderoid/configuration/GameSuggestionsActivity.java
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.configuration.GameSuggestionsActivity
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.configuration.GameSuggestionsActivity$GameSuggestionsListAdapter
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.configuration.GameSuggestionsActivity$GameSuggestionsListAdapter$1
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.configuration.GameSuggestionsActivity$GameSuggestionsListAdapter$GameSuggestionsViewHolder
com/alcachofra/elderoid/configuration/PhotosConfigurationActivity.java
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.configuration.PhotosConfigurationActivity
com/alcachofra/elderoid/FakeLauncherActivity.java
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.FakeLauncherActivity
com/alcachofra/elderoid/configuration/CallsConfigurationActivity.java
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.configuration.CallsConfigurationActivity
com/alcachofra/elderoid/MenuActivity.java
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.MenuActivity
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.MenuActivity$1
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.MenuActivity$2
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.MenuActivity$3
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.MenuActivity$4
com/alcachofra/elderoid/NewListActivity.java
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.NewListActivity
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.NewListActivity$NewListAdapter
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.NewListActivity$NewListAdapter$1
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.NewListActivity$NewListAdapter$NewViewHolder
com/alcachofra/elderoid/configuration/LauncherConfigurationActivity.java
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.configuration.LauncherConfigurationActivity
com/alcachofra/elderoid/CallLogActivity.java
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.CallLogActivity
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.CallLogActivity$1
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.CallLogActivity$CallListAdapter
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.CallLogActivity$CallViewHolder
com/alcachofra/elderoid/utils/ContactInfo.java
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.utils.ContactInfo
com/alcachofra/elderoid/SettingsActivity.java
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.SettingsActivity
com/alcachofra/elderoid/utils/animatedViews/AnimatedImageView.java
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.utils.animatedViews.AnimatedImageView
com/alcachofra/elderoid/utils/dialog/DialogOption.java
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.utils.dialog.DialogOption
com/alcachofra/elderoid/utils/ElderoidActivity.java
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.utils.ElderoidActivity
com/alcachofra/elderoid/utils/weather/WeatherManager.java
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.utils.weather.WeatherManager
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.utils.weather.WeatherManager$1
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.utils.weather.WeatherManager$WeatherType
com/alcachofra/elderoid/utils/news/NewsManager.java
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.utils.news.NewsManager
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.utils.news.NewsManager$1
com/alcachofra/elderoid/utils/CameraUtils.java
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.utils.CameraUtils
com/alcachofra/elderoid/utils/animatedViews/AnimatedButton.java
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.utils.animatedViews.AnimatedButton
com/alcachofra/elderoid/configuration/AppsConfigurationActivity.java
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.configuration.AppsConfigurationActivity
com/alcachofra/elderoid/utils/FileInfo.java
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.utils.FileInfo
com/alcachofra/elderoid/WeatherForecastActivity.java
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.WeatherForecastActivity
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.WeatherForecastActivity$1
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.WeatherForecastActivity$2
com/alcachofra/elderoid/configuration/FlashlightConfigurationActivity.java
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.configuration.FlashlightConfigurationActivity
com/alcachofra/elderoid/utils/dialog/DialogTextInput.java
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.utils.dialog.DialogTextInput
com/alcachofra/elderoid/utils/netie/Cue.java
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.utils.netie.Cue
com/alcachofra/elderoid/configuration/MessagesConfigurationActivity.java
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.configuration.MessagesConfigurationActivity
com/alcachofra/elderoid/utils/news/New.java
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.utils.news.New
com/alcachofra/elderoid/PhotoActivity.java
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.PhotoActivity
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.PhotoActivity$1
com/alcachofra/elderoid/configuration/WelcomeConfigurationActivity.java
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.configuration.WelcomeConfigurationActivity
com/alcachofra/elderoid/utils/dialog/DialogLang.java
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.utils.dialog.DialogLang
com/alcachofra/elderoid/configuration/PermissionsConfigurationActivity.java
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.configuration.PermissionsConfigurationActivity
com/alcachofra/elderoid/ContactListActivity.java
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.ContactListActivity
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.ContactListActivity$1
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.ContactListActivity$ContactListAdapter
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.ContactListActivity$ContactListAdapter$ContactViewHolder
com/alcachofra/elderoid/AddContactActivity.java
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.AddContactActivity
com/alcachofra/elderoid/utils/netie/Netie.java
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.utils.netie.Netie
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.utils.netie.Netie$1
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.utils.netie.Netie$NetieWindowType
com/alcachofra/elderoid/configuration/FinishConfigurationActivity.java
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.configuration.FinishConfigurationActivity
com/alcachofra/elderoid/Elderoid.java
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.Elderoid
com/alcachofra/elderoid/utils/GameSuggestion.java
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.utils.GameSuggestion
com/alcachofra/elderoid/configuration/ContactsConfigurationActivity.java
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.configuration.ContactsConfigurationActivity
com/alcachofra/elderoid/utils/animatedViews/AnimatedTextView.java
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.utils.animatedViews.AnimatedTextView
com/alcachofra/elderoid/configuration/FeaturesConfigurationActivity.java
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.configuration.FeaturesConfigurationActivity
com/alcachofra/elderoid/utils/animatedViews/DigitalClock.java
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.utils.animatedViews.DigitalClock
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.utils.animatedViews.DigitalClock$FormatChangeObserver
com/alcachofra/elderoid/utils/FeatureInfo.java
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.utils.FeatureInfo
com/alcachofra/elderoid/configuration/LangConfigurationActivity.java
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.configuration.LangConfigurationActivity
com/alcachofra/elderoid/utils/netie/NetieView.java
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.utils.netie.NetieView
com/alcachofra/elderoid/configuration/ChooseAppsConfigurationActivity.java
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.configuration.ChooseAppsConfigurationActivity
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.configuration.ChooseAppsConfigurationActivity$1
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.configuration.ChooseAppsConfigurationActivity$AppListAdapter
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.configuration.ChooseAppsConfigurationActivity$AppListAdapter$AppViewHolder
com/alcachofra/elderoid/utils/animatedViews/AnimatedConstraintLayout.java
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.utils.animatedViews.AnimatedConstraintLayout
com/alcachofra/elderoid/MissedCallsActivity.java
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.MissedCallsActivity
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.MissedCallsActivity$MissedCallListAdapter
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.MissedCallsActivity$MissedCallViewHolder
com/alcachofra/elderoid/GalleryActivity.java
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.GalleryActivity
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.GalleryActivity$GalleryAdapter
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.GalleryActivity$GalleryAdapter$PhotoViewHolder
com/alcachofra/elderoid/configuration/UserConfigurationActivity.java
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.configuration.UserConfigurationActivity
com/alcachofra/elderoid/utils/dialog/DialogTempScale.java
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.utils.dialog.DialogTempScale
com/alcachofra/elderoid/utils/SimplePrefs.java
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.utils.SimplePrefs
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.utils.SimplePrefs$Builder
com/alcachofra/elderoid/BuildConfig.java
 com.alcachofra.elderoid.BuildConfig
